today is leap day and our friends at
Chevy are using the extra 24 hours to
help us do some good so we're going to
the teachers at wailing middle school
here in LA have been trying to raise
money for supplies for their classrooms
than any computers musical instruments
sports equipment chemistry supplies all
the stuff schools are supposed to have
but don't so we have a camera at their
school right now they do not know this
let's go to these teachers live this is
a first of all mr. Weese he teaches
eighth grade physical science and mr.
Boynton who teaches seventh-grade math
they can't hear me right now we told
them our producers are on site are from
the website donors choose which is a
site that helps teachers raise money for
their classroom projects now mr. Weese
and mr. Boynton think they're making a
fundraising video for the website they
don't know we're watching or that
they're on the show right now and
they're about to start we're gonna tell
them to start so let's listen in on them
all right here we go guys you ready yep
action mr. boy hi I'm mr. Boynton I
teach seventh grade math and I'm mr.
Weese I teach eighth grade science our
classrooms need your help they're right
our classrooms need your help they're
right our students need tools for the
science lab art supplies and musical
instruments they need computers and
sports equipment we need basic tools to
educate our kids provide them a fruitful
learning environment we appreciate
anything you can offer please donate way
you can hey guys could we get that with
a little bit more energy I'm not sure
we're really selling
hi there guys HT me Kimmel how's it
going still the world isn't surreal we
heard you need some stuff for your
school so we teamed up with Chevy to
give it to you what do you need the most
Oh a new laptop computer wireless
speakers and they printed well we're
planning to give you all the stuff you
need for your school we're gonna provide
your students with everything on your
list even the stuff the kids don't want
does that sound good sounds my goodness
[Applause]
thank you dr. Watters your principal
helped helped us arrange this dr.
lawyers yeah is it dr. waters yeah we
want to thank you for going the extra
mile for your students by sending all of
you far far away from them you and all
32 teachers at your school and your
spouse's are going to Hawaii no
[Applause]
maybe the best news of all is you don't
have to stumble through that video you
were trying to make well thanks come on
thanks to our friends at Chevy drink a
lot of my ties in Hawaii deserve it and
Mahalo to all of you are you going to
date for expected goodness Chevy pay it
forward danke hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that Click the SUBSCRIBE button
below and good things will happen
forever